#  The trouble is you think you have time.. 
###  I WANTED TO WRITE ABOUT PERSONAL PROJECTS MANAGEMENT USING CUSTOM AGILE WORKFLOW but TIME MANAGEMENT.

Yes! it is another Agile SCRUM Framework, but with a good twist and can really help you. You can modify to your own taste, that is according to the task at hand and time given to accomplish the task. I have read most of the Agile publications and watched several Agile [list](#materials). The workflow must uphold all principles of Agile programming to be able to reap the benefits. Using Agile is just being realistic and productive as the same time. The name time keeps popping up in any Agile talk since its the limited resources that can be tracked and managed prudently. Time can hold your hand and serve you like a good servant or it can be loud quarreling impatient master. You get to live your live fullest when you can manage time, bend it or perform tasks in parallel. Of course the ultimate is time travel being 9/16/2019 11:06:51 PM, science still has not cracked  time travel. Hope it will in the future. There are several app is recommend to manage time and tasks see [list below](#apps). Back to Agile process, the goal is to make it lean as possible and a lot of automation which saves you lots of time. Without proper time management you plan will always fail. You must factor time to learn and process the whole plan. It takes time to learn and need to spare time and utilize it fully. In this blog post i want to give you some insight on how i have improved productivity in Agile by managing my time. To not overwork and to spin off usable output.      